[Autogenerated] Hi there.
Welcome to this.
Portal site costs designing hybrid networks in AWS.
My name is Mike Brown Eye in this module,
we're gonna be introducing youto hybrid network architectures.
We're gonna start off this bottle with a quick course overview German,
which will discuss why this costs important to you.
Well,
then give you a quick Montel overview before jumping right in
to discuss hybrid network architectures.
This will include a first introduction to site site VPN on AWS Direct Connect.
So let's begin with a cause overview.
The two subjects will become the most detailed for the
course will be sites I v p N's Andi, the West Direct Connect.
These two technologies are the foundational elements of hybrid network activity.
Will also discuss service Is that used to support our site site V.
P N's.
I need the Western Connect.
We'll spend the entire module, talk about static and dynamic ruin,
and in particular, how dynamic route is configured inside aws on front,
the course will talk about billing.
One of the questions that might be on your mind is
why is this cost important to you?
Well, most deployments, their dus involved deploying Amazon.
VP sees on.
Most projects I work on involve architect in captivity
from on premise into those three peces.
When thinking about hybrid connectivity, we've got lots of choices.
So understanding those choices on which choice the best forgiven situation
will mean that you get the best out of a dress networking.
So who should view this costs?
Well,
if you design deploy hybrid network connections if you're
interested in highly available hybrid connectivity.
If you're stood in for the Midwest advanced networking specialist ification,
then this course is for you now.
Although anyone can benefit by attending this cause,
the vast and prerequisites you might wanna look at
first before starting this cause,
so familiar cloud concepts on a basic understanding of
cloud computing will be very beneficial.
Understanding Cloud Service models on the feature on
offer by AWS will really help.
There is a pliable site costs fundamentals of car computing,
and that's well worth having a look at before attending this course.
Also,
there is the designing and implementing Age West
networks call from playful side.
This course covers basic and advanced VPC design
subjects that we're not going to touch it.
As I said, though, even if you don't meet the prerequisites.
The knowledge you gained by a tennis costs will be invaluable for your age.
West projects throughout this cost wagon.
The work of our customer Globe, Mannix, Globe,
Mannix,
the global health care organization who will be moving their key
systems to wear to dress As part of their move.
They'll be deploying resources Simon's a VP sees,
but they'll also be retained in their own promised networks.
We have been asked to provide hybrid network connected.
The options for Globe managed to consider any options that
we present must be highly available,
and we're also expected to provide the nerve of you of the supporting service
is needed when configuring hybrid connective In this model,
we'll be covering Hybrid network are touches on overview of sight sight v.
P. N's on the No view of direct connect